README.md, before:

# SimpleBungee [![Build Status](https://ci.jackz.me/view/Java/job/SimpleBungee/badge/icon)](https://ci.jackz.me/view/Java/job/SimpleBungee/)
A set of simple tools for a bungeecoord setup

Currently in development, features are still in development and may change.

### Commands
|  Name                |  Permission                                                     |  Description                                              |
|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| /uuid [player]       | simplebungee.command.uuid                                       | get users uuid                                            |
| /ping [player]       | simplebungee.command.ping                                       | get users ping to bungeecoord                             |
| /lookup <username>   | simplebungee.command.lookup                                     | gets (last, or current) information for player            |
| /servers             | simplebungee.command.servers                                    | lists all servers and has one click join button           |
| /friends             | simplebungee.command.friends                                    | full friend system (can join, and msg, and more)          |
| /simplebungee        | simplebungee.command.simplebungee  simplebungee.command.reload  | includes commands list                                    |
| /simplebungee reload | simplebungee.command.reload                                     | reloads the config.yml                                    |
| /global [message]    | simplebungee.command.global                                     | Allows access to global chat                              |
| /\<server shortcut>  | simplebungee.command.\<server shortcut> IF enabled              | The shortcut of any server shortcut, and if perms enabled |
| /notes               | simplebungee.command.notes                                      | Allows access to the notes feature                        |

### Other Permissions
* **simplebungee.updatecheck** - Notify player with this permission of plugin updates.

### Configuration

| Name                             |  Type           | Default     |  Description |
|----------------------------------|-----------------|-------------|--------------|
| commands                         | Section         |             | Enable or disable module
| language-file                    | string          | english.yml | The language file to use for messages
| connection-messages.bungee       | boolean         | true        |  Send \<player> joined the network messages            
| connection-messages.serverswitch | boolean         | true        |  Send \<player> switched servers from X to Y messages            
| connection-messages.friends      | boolean         | true        |  Send \<friend> joined/switched servers (only if above are off)            
| report.reasons                   | List\<String>   |             |  List of reasons to use in reporting if use_reason_list = false
| report.use_reason_list           | List\<String>   | true        |  Should players use predefined reasons, or enter a reason manually?
| server_shortcuts                 | Custom          |             |  See config.yml on spigot page for example
| show_restricted_servers          | boolean         | false       | Should /servers show restricted servers?
## Development Builds
View development builds on jenkins at https://ci.jackz.me/view/Java/job/SimpleBungee/

Commit message:

started work on moderation - started some language-file lines - added config options - added perms to readme - started basics of kick

README.md, after:

# SimpleBungee [![Build Status](https://ci.jackz.me/view/Java/job/SimpleBungee/badge/icon)](https://ci.jackz.me/view/Java/job/SimpleBungee/)
A set of simple tools for a bungeecoord setup

Currently in development, features are still in development and may change.

### Commands
|  Name                |  Permission                                                     |  Description                                              |
|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| /uuid [player]       | simplebungee.command.uuid                                       | get users uuid                                            |
| /ping [player]       | simplebungee.command.ping                                       | get users ping to bungeecoord                             |
| /lookup <username>   | simplebungee.command.lookup                                     | gets (last, or current) information for player            |
| /servers             | simplebungee.command.servers                                    | lists all servers and has one click join button           |
| /friends             | simplebungee.command.friends                                    | full friend system (can join, and msg, and more)          |
| /simplebungee        | simplebungee.command.simplebungee  simplebungee.command.reload  | includes commands list                                    |
| /simplebungee reload | simplebungee.command.reload                                     | reloads the config.yml                                    |
| /global [message]    | simplebungee.command.global                                     | Allows access to global chat                              |
| /\<server shortcut>  | simplebungee.command.\<server shortcut> IF enabled              | The shortcut of any server shortcut, and if perms enabled |
| /notes               | simplebungee.command.notes                                      | Allows access to the notes feature                        |
| /kick                | simplebungee.command.kick                                       | Gives access to the ability to kick a player from bungee  |
| /ban                 | simplebungee.command.ban                                        | Gives access to ban someone from bungeecoord              |
| /mute                | simplebungee.command.mute                                       | Gives access to mute someone from chatting                |

### Other Permissions
* **simplebungee.updatecheck** - Notify player with this permission of plugin updates.

### Configuration

| Name                             |  Type           | Default     |  Description |
|----------------------------------|-----------------|-------------|--------------|
| commands                         | Section         |             | Enable or disable module
| language-file                    | string          | english.yml | The language file to use for messages
| connection-messages.bungee       | boolean         | true        |  Send \<player> joined the network messages            
| connection-messages.serverswitch | boolean         | true        |  Send \<player> switched servers from X to Y messages            
| connection-messages.friends      | boolean         | true        |  Send \<friend> joined/switched servers (only if above are off)            
| report.reasons                   | List\<String>   |             |  List of reasons to use in reporting if use_reason_list = false
| report.use_reason_list           | List\<String>   | true        |  Should players use predefined reasons, or enter a reason manually?
| server_shortcuts                 | Custom          |             |  See config.yml on spigot page for example
| show_restricted_servers          | boolean         | false       | Should /servers show restricted servers?
## Development Builds
View development builds on jenkins at https://ci.jackz.me/view/Java/job/SimpleBungee/
